[roaring]
Dai: [pained grunt]
Dai [thought]:
I need my sword...
[menacing cackle]
Dai [thought]: Without it,
I'm never gonna
beat this thing.
Get up!
I've done it.
Victory is mine.
Nothing stands in my way!
[delighted laugh]
Having said that,
there could always be
another miracle on its way.
Which means this
won't really be finished
until Dai is beyond all
hope of resurrection.
That's the...
Demon Dragon Blade?!
True Vearn: Yes,
there's no mistaking it...
But how? It was lost
when Baran met his demise.
Dai couldn't summon
the blade himself.
What's it doing here?
The sun's rising?
Dai [thought]:
Mom, it's you...
Wait... That's Dad's sword!
Indeed it is.
The rightful weapon
of a true Dragon Knight.
Now, you must wield it, son.
Take this sword,
strike him down,
and fulfill your destiny.
Dai: It must've just been
sunshine reflecting
off the blade...
But for a second,
I swear I saw Mom
standing there.
Soala was a woman
whose spirit
shone as brightly as the sun.
She lit up any room and
embraced everyone
she met with warmth.
Now, my son...
It's up to you to shine
even brighter than she did.
To be the light that
illuminates your friends...
and banishes this darkness
from the Surface World.
Brighter than the sun?
[snarling]
Baran: Here he comes...
Hurry, grab it!
You'll only have
one chance at this.
Even a blade as
legendary as mine
cannot endure
repeated strikes...
Especially
with the full power
of the Dragonoid
form behind them.
[roaring]
Baran: This is it.
Summon everything
you have left,
and let my spirit
fortify you...
And destroy his
Sovereign Eye for good!
Baran: Finish this, Dai.
Dai [thought]: I-I guess...
I guess this is
goodbye, everyone.
With this last strike,
I'll shine even
brighter than the sun!
I'll light up the
sky as a sign that
the Dark King's been
beaten once and for all.
I promise I'll
give this everything...
[roaring]
[straining grunt]
[laughing]
[cackling]
[roaring]
[anguished cries]
[gasping]
P-Popp...
Popp: Even if it
doesn't change a thing,
we'll keep struggling!
Forget easy!
We put all of our might into
living until the last breath!
It may only be for
an instant to you,
but like a bright flash...
we'll burn as
brilliant as the sun.
[roaring]
Dai [thought]: I'll go
out like a bright flash!
[roaring]
[anguished cry]
[sputtering]
[roaring]
Dai [thought]:
He always wanted the sun.
Goodbye, Vearn.
You okay, Leona?
Yeah. I thought I saw
something in the sky.
Maam: [gasping]
I see it too.
Wait, do you think that's Dai?
Whatever it is,
it's falling pretty quick.
Chiu: It's Dai, alright...
Looks like he's out cold!
You mean he's in free fall?!
At this rate,
even if he woke up...
He'll crash.
Not if we catch him first.
Maam: Go get him, Popp!
Popp [thought]: I will -
this one's mine.
Nobody gets to save
this knucklehead but me!
Hang on, Dai!
[relieved sighs]
Aw, ow, ow...
Dai?
You did it, right? You won?
I didn't...
We all did.
The Dark King is gone.
I knew it!
Is it bad?
Huh?
I mean, am I a hideous beast?
I must look weird.
Uh, "weird"?
C'mon, Popp. Am I,
you know... all Dragon-y?
Popp: Well, let's see.
The wild hair...
Popp: The scars all over...
Plus the desperate
need for a hot bath...
Nothing out of the ordinary,
nothing dragon-y
about you, either.
You're still Dai.
That's right.
Dai beat the Dark King!
Give it up for the Hero!
[laughing]
All right, on your feet, pal.
It's time to make
your triumphant return.
Everyone's been
waiting for you.
Enjoy it!
Welcome back, Dai.
[chuckling]
[chattering]
We really pulled
if off, didn't we?
To victory. To Dai, the Hero!
[cheering]
Dai [thought]: What now?
I told Vearn I'd
leave this world if
people didn't want me
around after I defeated him.
Leona: How are
you feeling, Dai?
You're not hurt
anywhere, are you?
Do you need a Fullheal?
Gee, thanks.
Maybe next time
go with that before
everybody dog-piles me.
[laughing]
Dai [thought]:
Thanks, friends...
Now, Leona...
if you want some advice...
He might not always enjoy it,
but make sure you
hold onto this one.
Be warned, in my experience,
Heroes have a
tendency to vanish
the moment they finish the job.
That sounds a little
irresponsible to me.
It does.
Those tables sure have
turned, huh, Master?
Better just accept it and
take some responsibility.
She wasn't talking about me!
[laughing]
That's not something we
have to worry about with you,
right Dai?
You aren't going
anywhere, right?
Not if everyone
wants me to stay.
Honestly, there's
nowhere else I'd rather be.
Troops!
I'm sure our heroes
are thoroughly exhausted,
and need some healing.
Let's get them patched up.
After that, we'll
have a proper celebration.
[cheering]
Killvearn: Not so fast.
Before you go, my Queen...
I must insist on
offering my most sincere
congratulations for
this stunning victory.
Popp: Killvearn?!
Killvearn: Quite a
marvelous spectacle.
Defeating the most powerful
being in the Underworld,
and thwarting
the destruction of
the Surface World
so courageously...
Or should I say,
miraculously?
It's impossible!
I watched you fall.
Even if you were
truly immortal...
Killvearn: Ah, yes.
How did you put it?
"No living creature survives
long without its head."
For what it's worth,
you could still
be right about that...
But what you failed
to realize...
Is that I'm no living
creature at all.
Killvearn: This body you've
been thinking of as Killvearn
is actually a
mechanical puppet
I've been controlling in secret.
For a supposedly
genius warrior,
you're very easily fooled.
Oh, was I?
Avan: I never said those
words to you, Reaper.
I said them to the little imp
who rides around
on your shoulders.
Piroro: One and the same.
I'm surprised it's taken
you so long to put it together.
I am the real Reaper.
Now, it looks like
I do have you fooled.
It's more or less the same
trick used by ventriloquists
of your world, only
I've reversed the roles.
Simple misdirection.
I played the part of
a servant in order to
have you believe
that my dummy here
was the real thing...
and believe you did.
Therefore, while
my decoy suffered
what you might call
a splitting headache...
I've managed to avoid
any damage whatsoever.
Meanwhile, as you can see,
the puppet has no
trouble repairing itself.
There's only
one way to stop it.
Removing the head
won't do the trick...
You have to smash
what's inside of it.
Although, I must say
I'm glad you didn't.
A Black Core?!
[laughing]
And that's my secret weapon.
As you already know,
if you've been
paying attention...
My true master is Velzar,
the great Dragon
King of the Abyss.
By his decree I served
the throne of our
mutual friend, Vearn.
However, the real
intention of my mission was
to wait for the
perfect opportunity
to assassinate the Dark King.
Velzar instructed
me to use a Black Core
to ensure that
when I found my moment,
it wouldn't be wasted.
Unlike the Dark King,
Master Velzar wishes to rule
the Surface World as his own.
And how does
a guy who's been
turned to stone plan
to rule the world?
Why should I care?
All I do know is,
my lord is a very greedy one.
When it comes
to his temperament,
he's very unlike a Dragon.
In fact, he's much
more like a human.
And so, I'd best be off!
I'll return to the Underworld
and give him the good news.
I appreciate you taking
care of the Dark King for me,
but that means that
the strength you wield
is even greater than his.
That makes you
far too dangerous.
So, I'm afraid
I have to detonate
this Core and
vaporize the lot of you.
Who knows?
That frozen Pillar may
just be triggered by the blast.
[devious chuckle]
Crackle!
Whoops. I forgot to mention...
I've shielded this Core so
Ice-type spells
won't work on it.
As they say, no one
escapes the Reaper.
And on that lovely note,
farewell, you fools.
Thanks for keeping
the Surface World intact!
Gotta get higher
before it blows!
[roaring]
It doesn't matter
what you do now...
Y-Your friends are
already t-too... late...
Popp: [grim chuckle]
Well, here we go.
We won't have any time left
to get clear of this
before it goes off...
But I don't mind
going out like this,
so long as I'm with you, Dai!
Dai: Sorry, Popp,
but I do mind.
Wh...
No, wait! Why would
you do that?! Dai!
Dai [thought]: I hope one
day you can forgive me.
I couldn't let you do that...
It's my responsibility
to risk everything
to protect the
people I love...
and you're one
of those people.
This is my burden to carry.
It's what I inherited...
It's time to
fulfill my destiny.
You idiot, how could you?!
Please... Come back!
Brass: Oh, brave Hero...
Ever since you
saved the world,
we've searched
high and low for
a sign that you're
still out there,
and I hate to say it...
But in spite of our efforts,
we haven't found a trace.
Where could you
have gone, my dear boy?
Dai, know that the
Surface World is safe.
Everything's still here
thanks to what you did.
We deactivated the pillars,
and peace has
finally been restored
throughout the kingdoms...
But without you...
Sometimes it's hard
to remember we won.
Which is why we come here
and stare at your sword
like we're... crazy.
This is exactly
like visiting a grave.
Leona: Quit being so morbid.
It's not a grave...
It's a lighthouse!
Think about it.
Dai's going to need
a way to track us down
whenever he gets
back, isn't he?
H-Huh?!
Wh - what?!
How can you know that?
Lon Beruk: Take
a look at the jewel
set in the hilt of that sword.
I forged this living weapon
for Dai alone to wield.
It's connected to his spirit.
If he truly has perished,
that jewel will
have lost its strength
and faded along
with his life-force.
Now... Is that really faded?
It's still shining!
Popp: He's still...
He's still alive!
Maam: But where
could he have gone?
Lon Beruk: I don't know.
He could be anywhere...
from Celesta
to the Underworld.
I suppose.
Popp: Who cares where he is?
That's not the point.
Huh?
If he's alive...
So long as he's
alive out there...
One day we'll see him again.
It's a guarantee.
I mean, at some point
he'll come looking, right?
In the meantime,
let's get to work!
Popp: That's right.
The world might be safe,
but we've still got
plenty of work to do.
Maam: We're lost again,
aren't we, Popp?
Are you holding
that the right way?
I only had it
upside-down for a sec...
"Upside-down"?!
Ah... We're good.
It's this way.
Popp: We'll on keep looking,
and we'll keep protecting
the world while he's away, too.
Popp: Then someday, whether
we end up finding him...
Let's go.
Uh-huh.
Popp: Or he ends up
coming back on his own...
Little Hym, hurry it up!
The Commandos are
all building a new fort.
Give us a hand, will ya?
Cut me some slack.
I'm retired, remember?
[laughing]
Popp: He'll see
the beautiful kingdoms
and towns we've rebuilt...
[weeping]
You jackals think
you're fooling me?
All the loot on the
table or I'll Zapple you.
[sigh]
Popp: And all the people
finally living in
peace like he wanted...
He can look out
over all of it,
knowing that this is the world
he fought so hard to save.
Then from that day on,
we'll have a legend
living among us.
So, we'd better keep ready...
Because when
the Hero does return,
I'm sure another adventure
won't be far behind.